okay good taxing probe other cards let's
go ahead and let's do so how many videos
I have to make before I can like get
back monday let's do next card towers so
you guys know what's next I humming
couch I that by four I have eight eight
hours I have looks like eight mimes
minds for and well a lot of power plants
I was like eleven power plant these
cards I got for like five times to like
the Keth action probes now they're like
a dollar to actually really easy to
trade away into like cards i want i can
trade away multiple playsets into like a
flooded strand I mean multiple playsets
i can trade away for 44 into a flooded
strand maybe to floods of strands
depending on their current price if
you're like they trade for like two
dollars i could be wrong i haven't
traded away any of them recently but
these cards were reprinted in chronicles
these cards are like a lot of these
cards i'm going over today they might be
still in those storage facilities like
when a card owner has a lot of older
cards they put them in you know and it
says like it looks like it's a comment
like when you look at it it looks like
it's a common in a newer card owner who
are a newer to magic card owner would
not realize this card is actually
valuable so i'll be put in the five
cents card bin and that's why i found me
is back in the day with the attacks and
probes and stuff like that when any
common was five cents any uncommon was i
think like 25 cents and then any prayers
will not put in there there's a lot of
cards like winter orb and stuff like
that those are my favorite stores and
it's not kids like you make a lot of
money because I spend a lot more it's
about even break even for me and because
it's just fun to look through like
massive
two cards looking for like the one or
two power plants that you can find that
day and you will find them and the pen
Haven is also a very good one I actually
found a one or two legend pen havens I
know it was extremely expensive because
again legends you look at it and you say
Gustavo to comment unless you actually
know magic and that the store groovy
geckos they mainly did Warhammer and
magic words like a sub actually on my
locals currently they do more hammered
mostly in video games and magic is a sub
hobby that the owner does cuz he hears
me my friends by my friends and I buy
more enough to make it like profitable
or encourage him to do it but he's
mostly a Warhammer kind of guy as table
games go so something like this at
groovy geckos five cents you could get
all this for like five cents so how many
is this is like a lot so 11 plus eight
plus eight was that like 16 27 of them
for like five cents so it's like a
dollar thirty-five these lands then now
it can trade into like that's the crazy
part if you're kind of the idea that of
MTG finance I never kind of understood
the modern MTG finance where you're
trying to make money extremely quickly
I've always figured the MTG finance was
holding cards like dragging speaker
shaman are the Dragon Lord's servant at
this point or like the power plants or
kitashi probed catoctin probe no one
wanted that card when I rotate I can
tell you that much I don't did we have
modern we had modern but it hadn't taken
off and the card is very deceptive to
most new players and most new players
who sell their collections when they
rotate out the store owners not going to
give like a dollar for this card the
store owner at most is going to give
like a penny I can buy in bulk at back
in the day the same with the power
plants and all that there's a tron lance
or a perfect example of cards that were
cheap beyond cheap back in it I mean
there was no reason that you would even
want this card like if it wasn't legacy
strong and it just looked crappy and you
want to use it
what would you use it for like if you
didn't have if ed ates tiny leaders all
these formats did not exist like they do
today I mean we only have extended mod
and didn't exist what would you use
there's your power plants to do play a
vintage thank i guess i don't know like
maybe legacy deck but it wouldn't be a
tier 1 legacy deck so be on the lookout
for opportunities opportunities always
change when magic is doing all this like
reprinting and stuff and i actually
appreciate the reprint i am a biggest
supporter of reprints cuz if you are
smart about it you can build your
collection much better than i had to
build my question back in the day
because these cards that you know oh
good now go cheaper so like I didn't
know bush like I didn't know the power
plants or dick nigga taxing probe and
any of these cards aren't especially
dragon lord I was opening all these
packs to get to essentially get the
wrong card was there was this goblin
dude that was a 22 haste and he makes
commons cheaper that was the card i was
trying to get not the dragon speaker
shaman and it just so happens drum
speakers humming is the more valuable of
the tier right just like force away like
hell I don't know what's going on I just
collect cards and then one day for sure
well as eighty and ninety a hundred
dollars and I was like oh cool i have a
lot of them the same way of Dragon Lords
I mean it just happened this one of
these cards if you're smart about it and
you collect enough of it eventually
sometime in the future you can cash out
but the whole idea of flipping the card
like we've been like the same day even
that I just don't want to play that game
bye guys
you